The team--
Andrew, Bob, Donald, Amira, Aditi--
are celebrating the successful
completion of
the phase one of Project Mercury.
Dave has been invited as well.
"Excellent work, team.
The clients were very impressed
by the demonstration today.
Phase one of this project
is now complete," says Andrew.
"Special congratulations to Bob.
Fine work, indeed," adds Donald.
"Good job, Bob.
You have picked up the basics
of Linux very quickly.
Perhaps it's time to attempt
the Linux Essentials certification.
You already know more than
60% of the concepts already,"
says Dave, winking at him.
"That's a good idea.
I should consider
getting the certification
before the next phase starts,"
Bob thinks to himself.
Before leaving, Donald has a word
in private with Bob.
He says, "I am sorry, Bob.
I have not been able to contribute
much in this phase of the project.
I've been working overtime every day
for the past two months
to get Project Sapphire
over the line,
but I knew you would be able
to handle this by yourself,
especially after the way you handled
the escalation calls
for Project Sapphire
in the beginning."
Bob looks at him in surprise,
but is very relieved.
"Thanks, Donald.
I can't thank you enough for all
the assistance with troubleshooting.
I couldn't have done it without you,"
says Bob.
Donald smiles and continues,
"With Phase 2
being in a couple of weeks,
you will see a lot more involvement
from me.
I am really looking forward to us
working together," says Donald.
"Almost didn't recognize you
there, Bob."
Startled, Bob looks up,
waking from his daydream.
He sees Dave waving at him while
walking into the train compartment.
Bob was on his way back home,
eyes glued to the mobile screen.
He was reading through
all the client appreciation emails
and feeling pleased with himself.
"Hi, Dave,
there's an empty seat here,"
says Bob, calling Dave over.
"I lost you
after our little get together.
Did you have to go back
to the office?"
"Sorry about that.
Yes, I had to leave in a hurry.
I was asked to join
an urgent infrastructure meeting,"
says Dave, sitting down beside Bob.
"Things are moving much faster
than we anticipated.
We are putting together
a small pilot DevOps team
for phase two
of the Project Mercury."
"Wow, really?" gasps Bob.
"Yes.
In fact, I've been asked to lead it,
and guess who I'm going to ask
to join the team?"
"More for me to learn?"
smiles Bob in anticipation.
"Only if you are interested.
No pressure," says Dave.
"Absolutely," exclaims Bob.
"Fantastic.
Take it from me, Bob,
in this line of work,
the learning never stops.
I always take it as a good thing,"
Dave continues.
"There are no limits to what
you can achieve, my young friend.
Things are changing rapidly
every day.
It is essential that we adopt
the latest trends in technology,
such as cloud computing and DevOps.
Keep up with your current attitude,
stay ahead of the curve,
and you will reach far," says Dave.
"Thanks, Dave.
I can't wait to get started,"
says Bob excitedly.